Docs: make retryable errors configurable (#1231)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/02_features/auto-retry.md

    - Checking for available provider plugins on https://releases.hashicorp.com...
    Error installing provider "template": error fetching checksums: Get https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-template/1.0.0/terraform-provider-template_1.0.0_SHA256SUMS: net/http: TLS handshake timeout.

Terragrunt sees this error, and knows it is a transient error that can be addressed by re-running the `apply` command.

`auto-retry` will try a maximum of three times to re-run the command, at which point it will deem the error as not transient, and accept the terraform failure. Retries will occur when the error is encountered, pausing for 5 seconds between retries.

> A list of default known errors that `auto-retry` will rerun is maintained in the `TerragruntOptions.RetryableErrors` array. These defaults can be overridden by specifying a list of retryable errors in the `terragrunt` config using the following format:

Reviewer: NIT: Most users don't look at the Terragrunt source code, so they won't know what `TerragruntOptions.RetryableErrors` is. Here's a different phrasing:

```suggestion
Terragrunt has a small list of default known errors built-in. You can override these defaults with your own custom retryable errors in your `terragrunt.hcl` configuration:
```

Author: Makes total sense, I'll update.

>     retryable_errors = {

Reviewer: NIT: we typically use [fenced code blocks](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks) for code. One advantage is that you can set the language to use for highlighting—in this case, `hcl`.

Author: Sounds good, I also prefer fenced code blocks. Was just trying to mirror the existing style in this file (line 21). Will fix.
